README.md, before:

<h1>GridMR</h1>

## 1. Course Info

<table>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td>Course code</td>
            <td>ST0263</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Course name</td>
            <td>Distributed Systems</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Students</td>
            <td>
                <ol>
                <li>Jerónimo Acosta Acevedo(<tt>jacostaa1[at]eafit.edu.co</tt>)</li>
                <li>Juan José Restrepo Higuita (<tt>jjrestre10[at]eafit.edu.co</tt>)</li>
                <li>Luis Miguel Torres Villegas (<tt>lmtorresv[at]eafit.edu.co</tt>)</li>
                </ol>
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Professor</td>
            <td><a href="https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=BhCMq0oAAAAJ&hl=es">Edwin Nelson Montoya Múnera</a> (<tt>emontoya[at]eafit.edu.co</tt>)
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

## 2. Description

 Distributed grid processing system based on the MapReduce programming paradigm
 popularised by Google in the early 2000s.

## 3. Requirements

> [!WARNING]
>
> PENDING.

### 3.1. Completed

> [!WARNING]
>
> PENDING.

### 3.2. Unmet

> [!WARNING]
>
> PENDING.

## 4. Design

> [!WARNING]
>
> PENDING.

### 4.1. Architecture

> [!WARNING]
>
> PENDING.

### 4.2. Design patterns

> [!WARNING]
>
> PENDING.

### 4.3. Best practices applied

> [!WARNING]
>
> PENDING.

## 5. Development environment

> [!WARNING]
>
> PENDING.

### 5.1. Programming languages

> [!WARNING]
>
> PENDING.

### 5.2. Dependencies

> [!WARNING]
>
> PENDING.

## 6. Execution environment

> [!WARNING]
>
> PENDING.

### 6.1. Infrastructure

> [!WARNING]
>
> PENDING.

### 6.2. Configuration

> [!WARNING]
>
> PENDING.

### 6.3. Deployment

> [!WARNING]
>
> PENDING.

### 6.4. User Guide

> [!WARNING]
>
> PENDING.

### 6.5. Results

> [!WARNING]
>
> PENDING.

## 7. Additional information

> [!WARNING]
>
> PENDING.

## 8. References

> [!WARNING]
>
> PENDING.

Commit message:

Expand on the project descripton

README.md, after:

<h1>GridMR</h1>

## 1. Course Info

<table>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td>Course code</td>
            <td>ST0263</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Course name</td>
            <td>Distributed Systems</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Students</td>
            <td>
                <ol>
                <li>Jerónimo Acosta Acevedo(<tt>jacostaa1[at]eafit.edu.co</tt>)</li>
                <li>Juan José Restrepo Higuita (<tt>jjrestre10[at]eafit.edu.co</tt>)</li>
                <li>Luis Miguel Torres Villegas (<tt>lmtorresv[at]eafit.edu.co</tt>)</li>
                </ol>
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Professor</td>
            <td><a href="https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=BhCMq0oAAAAJ&hl=es">Edwin Nelson Montoya Múnera</a> (<tt>emontoya[at]eafit.edu.co</tt>)
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

## 2. Description

This project is a humble implementation of a distributed system for data
processing based on the MapReduce programming paradigm popularized by Google in
the early 2000s. As those familiar with the paper might know, this setup is
meant to be used in a cluster environment. However, to sprinkle around something
less orthodox, we are doing it in a _grid_ (hence the name “GridMR”).

We have organized the project as a monorepo where you have the Python scripts
for all actors in the network. The following sections describe project-related
minutia (dependencies, how to run it, and so on) as well as higher-level
architectural decisions.

## 3. Requirements

> [!WARNING]
>
> PENDING.

### 3.1. Completed

> [!WARNING]
>
> PENDING.

### 3.2. Unmet

> [!WARNING]
>
> PENDING.

## 4. Design

> [!WARNING]
>
> PENDING.

### 4.1. Architecture

> [!WARNING]
>
> PENDING.

### 4.2. Design patterns

> [!WARNING]
>
> PENDING.

### 4.3. Best practices applied

> [!WARNING]
>
> PENDING.

## 5. Development environment

> [!WARNING]
>
> PENDING.

### 5.1. Programming languages

> [!WARNING]
>
> PENDING.

### 5.2. Dependencies

> [!WARNING]
>
> PENDING.

## 6. Execution environment

> [!WARNING]
>
> PENDING.

### 6.1. Infrastructure

> [!WARNING]
>
> PENDING.

### 6.2. Configuration

> [!WARNING]
>
> PENDING.

### 6.3. Deployment

> [!WARNING]
>
> PENDING.

### 6.4. User Guide

> [!WARNING]
>
> PENDING.

### 6.5. Results

> [!WARNING]
>
> PENDING.

## 7. Additional information

> [!WARNING]
>
> PENDING.

## 8. References

> [!WARNING]
>
> PENDING.
